Clarify which node / resource types support `node_color` (#4493)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-configs/docs.md

</Tabs>

## Definition

> The docs field can be used to provide documentation-specific configuration to models. It supports the doc attribute `show`, which controls whether or not models are shown in the auto-generated documentation website. It also supports `node_color` for the node type "Model".

Reviewer: Here's the ones that work (or don't): https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/issues/4492#issuecomment-1881658603

```suggestion
The docs field can be used to provide documentation-specific configuration to models. It supports the doc attribute `show`, which controls whether or not models are shown in the auto-generated documentation website. It also supports `node_color` for models, seeds, snapshots, and analyses. Other node types are not supported.
```

The `docs` attribute now supports `node_color` to customize the display color of some node types in the DAG within dbt docs. You can define node colors in the files below and apply overrides where needed.

> `node_color` hierarchy:

Reviewer: Eagle eyes! 🦅
